WITH BLINKEN, OBVIOUSLY, THEY
HAVE BEEN DISCUSSING A LOT.
ALEX, CLARISSA, NICK, BEN,
THANK YOU.
MORE ON THE HOSTAGE OF HAMAS
RELEASED VIDEO OF BETWEEN --
MIA SHEM'S MOTHER, ALSO HER
BROTHERS.
>> KAREN, HOW DOES YOUR
DAUGHTER LOOK TO YOU?
>> I SEE THAT SHE HAS BEEN
THROUGH PAIN, SHE IS IN PAIN.
.
SHE IS INJURED, AND SHE LOOKS A
BIT TERRIFIED.
BUT, SHE IS ALIVE, AND STABLE.
>> DOES IT HELP TO SEE HER?
>> OF COURSE, BECAUSE UNTIL NOW
EITHER KNOW SHE WAS THAT ARE
ALIVE.
IT HAS BEEN TEN DAYS, UNTIL
SATURDAY SHE W MISSING ON
SATURDAY, THIS SAID THAT MAYBE
SHE HAS BEEN KIDNAPPED THAT IS
ALL.
SO, I DID NOT KNOW IF SHE IS
ALIVE, ORDERED.
EVERY DAY, THE NUMBERS OF THE
MISSING AND THAT PEOPLE ARE
GETTING UP AND CHOIR AND
HIGHER.
SO, IT'S REALLY TOUGH.
>> DO YOU KNOW WHERE SHE WAS
TAKEN FROM?
WHERE WAS SHE WHEN THE ATTACK
TOOK PLACE?
>> SHE WENT TO A FESTIVAL Y.
>> ALL I KNOW, IT'S SATURDAY
MORNING, IT'S 7:00.
SHE SENT TEXT MESSAGE TO ONE OF
HER FRIEND WHO WAS AT THE PARTY
AND SHE WROTE, THEY ARE
SHOOTING AT, US PLEASE COME
SAVE US.
THAT IS THE ONLY THING I KNOW.
THE OTHER THING I KNEW WAS
RUMORS.
CHEVY WAS SHOT, NO I CAN SEE
IT'S TRUE BECAUSE SHE IS
INJURED, YOU CAN SEE SHE HAD
THE OPERATION IN HER HAND, AND
WENT TO THIS PARTY WITH HER
FRIEND, THEY WENT TOGETHER AND,
WE KNOW NOTHING ABOUT HIM.
IT'S NOT IN THE MISSING LIST,
NOT IN THE KIDNAPPED LIST.
HE'S ON THAT LIST.
WE STILL HAVE BODIES THAT WE
DIDN'T RECOGNIZE, BECAUSE WE
HAVE SO MANY.
>> WE ARE INTERVIEWING WITH YOU,
INTERVIEWING WITH SEVERAL OTHER
PEOPLE HEARING US AND HOLD
VIDEOS AROUND THE WORLD THAT
CAN SEE THIS INTERVIEW, TO COME
AND STAND WITH US AND STAND
WITH HUMAN RIGHTS, AND HELP US
GET ME AND ALL THE OTHERS TO
200 IN THE INSOLES, TO HOSTAGES
IS GIVING THE GAZA STRIP TO
COME BACK HOME.
THAT IS ALL WE WANT, JUST TO
GET ME BACK TO US.
>> WE ARE BEGGING THE WORLD TO
BRING BY BABY HOME.
SHE IS ONLY 21 YEARS OLD SHE
JUST WENT TO A FESTIVAL PARTY
AFTER MONTHS THAT SHE DID NOT
GO ANYWHERE, SHE HAS MEDICAL
PROBLEMS, SHE JUST WANTED TO
HAVE SOME FUN.
SHE SHOULD NOT BE THERE.
SO, WE ARE BEGGING THE WORLD TO
INTERFERE AND BRING HER HOME.
ALL OF THE OTHERS WE HAVE LIKE
200 MORE HOSTAGES, CHILDREN,
BABIES, OLD PEOPLE, HOLOCAUST
SURVIVORS.
WE DON'T KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON,
WE DON'T KNOW IF THEY ARE ALIVE,
IF THEY ARE THE, IF THEY GIVE
THEM FOOD.
WE DON'T KNOW WHICH CONDITIONS
THEY ARE IN.
>> WE ARE NOT SHOWING THE VIDEO
THAT HAMAS HAS PUT OUT.
BUT, WE ARE SHOWING OTHER
PHOTOS OF HER.
CAN YOU JUST TELL PEOPLE WHAT
SHE IS LIKE?
WHAT YOU WANT PEOPLE TO KNOW
ABOUT HER?
>> MY DAUGHTER IS VERY MATURE.
I'M A SINGLE MOM.
WE HAVE BEEN THROUGH A LOT, AND
SHE IS ONLY 21.
SHE IS LIKE A 60-YEAR-OLD SMART
WOMAN.
SHE IS VERY STRONG.
THAT IS WHY WE ALL BELIEVE IN
OUR HEARTS THAT SHE'S ALIVE.
KNEW THAT SHE'D NEVER GIVE
UP.
I REALLY KNEW IT.
THE PROBLEM IS THAT EVERY TIME
WE OPEN THE TV AND THEY SAW THE
NUMBERS, IT WAS VERY HARD TO
STICK TO THIS.
SHE IS A SURVIVOR, AND SHE IS
VERY TALENTED, AND I HAVE FOUR
CHILDREN.
I HAVE A SMALL DAUGHTER, TEN
YEARS OLD, AND IS LIKE A MOTHER
TO HER.
SHE IS VERY CLOSE TO HER
BROTHERS.
SHE COOKS FOR THEM, SHE TELLS
THAT THEY'RE TALKING WITH HER
ABOUT EVERYTHING.
SHE IS JONATHAN CONRICUS A
MOTHER LIKE ME RAFAH, AND MY
BEST FRIEND.
SHE IS VERY CREATIVE, SHE
PAINTS, SHE COOKS.
SHE MAKES THE FOOD.
SHE IS THE HEART OF THE MIA
SHEM FAMILY.
>> KEREN SCHARF SCHEM, THANK
YOU SO MUCH FOR TALKING TO US.
IS THERE ANYTHING YOU WOULD
WANT HER TO KNOW, IF FOR SOME
REASON SHE COULD SEE THIS?
>> I WANT HER TO BE STRONG, AND
I WANT HER TO BE SURE THAT THE
WORLD WILL DO EVERYTHING TO
BRING HER HOME.
>> MIA, IF YOU CAN SEE US, WE
WANT TO TELL YOU FROM ALL THE
FAMILY AND ALL THE PEOPLE IN
ISRAEL, WE ARE WAITING FOR YOU.
>> WE LOVE.
YOU WERE WAITING FOR.
YOU >> WILL DO ANYTHING TO
BRING YOU BACK HOME.
WE WILL NEVER STOP, AND AFTER
YOU WE WILL BE HERE.
WILL CONTINUE UNTIL ALL OF THE
200 HOSTAGES WILL BE HOME.
WE NEVER STOP, AND THE WORK IS
WITH US AGAIN.
I'M SURE.
IT IS NOT OUR WAR.
IT'S A VERY BIG WAR.
>> KAREN, THANK YOU, I WISH YOU
THE BEST.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> ON THE TAKING OF HOSTAGES,
JOINING ME IS --
FORMER DIVISION CHIEF OF THE
HOSTAGES IN M.I.A. UNIT OF THE
MUSCLE.
THANK YOU FOR BEING WITH US.
199 HOSTAGES, THAT'S THE NUMBER
ISRAEL SAYS HAMAS, OTHERS SAY
AS MANY AS 250.
WHAT LESSONS HAVE BEEN LEARNED
FROM HOSTAGE NEGOTIATIONS THAT
HAVE TAKEN ON, THAT HAVE
HAPPENED HERE IN THE PAST?
>> ISRAEL'S BIGGEST MISTAKE IN
THE PAST WAS NEGOTIATING FOR
PRISONERS.
>> A SOLDIER WHO IS HELD FOR
YEARS, EXCHANGE FOR 1000
PERCENT.
>> ALL THE TOP IN THE GAZA
STRIP ARE PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN
RELEASED.
>> ALL THE PEOPLE RUNNING HAMAS
WERE ISRAELI?
THEY GOT OUT.
>> THEY GOT OUT.
THE HEAD OF HAMAS TODAY, THE
OPERATIONAL HEAD OF HAMAS WAS
ONE OF THESE PEOPLE RELEASED.
THESE PEOPLE HAVE AN OBLIGATION
FOR THEIR PRISONERS IN ISRAEL.
PART OF THE REGION FOR THIS
WHOLE THING IS THE RELEASE OF
THEIR PRISONERS.
>> PART OF THE REASON FOR THE
TERROR ATTACK WAS TO GET PEOPLE
TO EXCHANGE.
>> TO EXCHANGE.
>> THEY NEED IS A HISTORY OF
ISRAEL MAKING A DEAL.
>> YES.
>> ISRAEL CANNOT AFFORD HAVING
ANOTHER SITUATION LIKE THIS.
WE CANNOT LIVE WITH HAMAS.
YOU COULDN'T, IF THE HAMAS EVER
RETURNS TO THE GAZA STRIP, WE
ARE FACED WITH A SITUATION.
PEOPLE CANNOT LIVE IN AND
AROUND THE GAZA STRIP, BUT ALSO
IN TEL AVIV.
AS YOU CAN SEE YOURSELF.
YOU WANT THE SHELTER, AND
THERE'S NO REASON YOU SHOULD
RUN AS A CIVILIAN.
WE ARE LOOKING AT AN
ORGANIZATION THAT IS
FUNDAMENTALIST AND IS PRIMARILY
EVIL.
IT IS NOT ONLY HERT IS ALL
OVER THE WORLD.
LOOK AT THE TALIBAN.
LOOK AT HIS BALL.
A LOOK AT MANY OTHER
ORGANIZATIONS LIKE THIS THAT
HAVE A PURPOSE, AND THEIR
PURPOSE IS TO HAVE A JIHAD WITH
US.
CIVILIZATION IS FACING THE SORT
OF SAYING, AND OUR OBLIGATION I
THINK IS THE WESTERN WORLD IN
THE AMERICAN OF THE UNITED
STATES HAVE SHOWN THIS, IS TO
GO INTO THE GAZA STRIP AND
ERADICATE THE.
HAMAS >> SUCH A HORRID LESSON
YOU SAY TO NOT NEGOTIATE.
ON PAPER, PEOPLE CAN SAY, YES
THAT MAKE SENSE, EMOTIONALLY --
>> TERRIBLE.
>> IT IS TERRIBLE.
199 FAMILIES AND THOUSANDS OF
PEOPLE RELATED TO THEM WHO ARE
DESPERATE.
>> IT'S TERRIBLE, EMOTIONALLY,
IT'S A TERRIBLE DECISION.
IF YOU LOOK AT THE PRACTICAL
SIDE OF CONDUCTING WAR IN THE
GAZA STRIP, WITH ISRAEL WILL DO
ALL IT CAN ORDER TO RELEASE THE
PRISONERS.
SOME OF THEM WILL, OR MAYBE ALL
OF THEM WILL BE RELEASED, BUT,
BY FORCE.
>> THAT'S THE ONLY.
WAY >> THE ONLY WAY TO RELEASE
PRISONERS IN THE SITUATION IS
FORCE.
NEGOTIATION, WHAT THE HAMAS HAS
COME BACK TO US AND SAID, TWICE
ALREADY.
WE SAID, ALL RIGHT, WE'RE
WILLING TO NEGOTIATE THE
RELEASE OF THE PRISONERS.
WE WANT FIRST OF ALL, I'M
CEASE-FIRE.
SECOND OF ALL, MEANING STOP
KILLING US.
STOP ERADICATING US.
SECOND, WE WANT ALL OUR
PRISONERS.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT THOUSANDS